And someone who knows how to be popular.
And there's a bunch of people out there that are pro wrestling fans and they
bought right in hook, line and sinker. Yeah. And that's, and, and it's not,
that's a very simplistic version of it.
There's a lot of other people that wanted to throw a monkey wrench in the
system, cuz they thought Hillary Clinton was a crook and she probably is.
Cuz they're all crooks there's most,
most of those people at the top are at least in some way up. Yes. You know,
we have an opportunity to bound who Al Franken.
I know Al Franken's just a butt grabber. All things.
Considered, not even, not even did you read the last, the,
like the straw that broke the camels back? The last one where the,
they all said enough is enough. Who's in the Atlanta antic, this woman, he put,
she asked for a photo Uhhuh. He put his arm around. His hand was on her waist.
He squeezes her fat. He squeezed her. He, she said he,
he grabbed a handful of flesh, which is a weird thing to say,
but he squeezed her at least twice is her quote. At least twice.
He had his hand on her waist and she said,
I don't even let my husband touch me that way in public because it demeans me as
a professional woman. Oh God, are you kidding me? Yeah.
Let's I'd like to interview her husband. Like you're not allowed,
allowed to put your arm around your wife in public dude. Squeeze her. <laugh>.
I mean, my wife would love to be squeezed. The more, the, the more the merrier.
The idea of it is, um, is very strange because that,
that one doesn't make sense.
De lean Tweeten one was the only one that made sense. He there's a photo of him.
She's unconscious, it's demeaning. I get the whole thing.
He apologized for that. And rightly so. And apparently he tried to kiss her,
but then the butt grabbing is like, well,
you definitely shouldn't be grabbing people's butts. But I mean,
how much of a big deal is it? And.
Also do have we still opt? I mean,
Chelsea handler was on bill Mar the other night and she said,
I have to believe these women because I'm a woman. And I thought, well,
wait a minute. Does that mean I have to believe all men because I'm a man,
isn't there any discussion about whether these things are true or.
Not? Or, and Kuya said this best. He said, uh, he put it on Twitter.
He goes saying,
all women are liars is just as crazy as saying all women tell the truth. Right?
Well, yeah. I think a lot Franken, I don't know enough about Franken,
but a lot of these people it's like, like Weinstein,
wasn't like 40 people or something like that. Like 40,
I think when it starts getting up.
Up in the, and also what he's accused of is it's.
A different thing. We're not talking about taking pictures with people.
They where they like you,
they wanna take a picture with you and you grab their waist.
We're talking about, I mean, he's been accused of rape. Yeah.
By more than one woman, like actual rape rape,
not just like getting someone drunk and having sex with 'em,
but like holding them down type rape. Yeah. There's a lot of he's.
There's a lot of crazy. See, here's, what's kind of. Um,
if prostitution was legal,
would that exist or is it a power thing? Is it always a power thing?
Like, does he want to like have sex with the star of his films?
Cause that's.
I think it's more a question of if,
if there weren't so many teenage boys who never got laid,
what would the society look like? And by this, I don't mean to excuse anyone.
And I don't mean to say teenage girls should be more promiscuous or anything.
I'm you're just looking at objectively.
I'm saying that guys like Harvey Weinstein,
that dude didn't get laid in high school. Right? Most of the,
you look at these mass shootings, a lot of these guys in their,
in their suicide notes say I'm doing this because I can't get laid.
I'm gonna die of Virgin. That's that's the one begins actually, uh,
there's this massive amount of fresh situation that builds up cuz
biologically, most boys are horny, little monsters at 13 or 14.
They're not getting laid, wait, hold.
On, go with this please.
Sorry. And so it gets to the point. So there, there may be five,
six years between when a boy is totally obsessed
with not just sex, but with being acceptable to women,
being loved by women being touched, being caressed, you know, being,
and they can't think about anything else and they're not getting it.
And so I think a lot of boys grow up with extreme frustration that either
curls into misogyny, where you get these like mass killers who kill,
who do they kill hookers, right, right. Sexually liberated free women in,
in their perspective. And you get guys that just chase money,
their whole lives because they think the money and the power is gonna get them,
those women.
And so when they get to that place and they're still disgusting and they,
they sense that the women don't even wanna them or they only them because
they're gonna get something from them.
Then there's all this self hatred and shame. I think that's,
what's being expressed here. So I think it is power.
And I do think that it having it's an,
it's an expression or a manifestation of a deeply sex,
negative pathological culture.
But conversely,
how do you feel about like women that were in attractive in high school?
How come they don't lash out in the same way?
And they're not out there raping dudes? Well, one because counting.
'Em down, women are much better at accepting, uh,
their sexual situation.
You see women have accepted a lot of that men aren't able to accept for,
you know, millennia that's partly biological and probably partly cultural,
but also because I mean, women can have sex.
Even women who aren't particularly attractive because the, the, the whole, uh,
market is so skewed in the other direction.
Even women who aren't particularly attractive probably don't have much trouble
getting laid in high school.
But I don't think it's just that.
I think you're boiling it down to getting laid. That's a reduction, this thing,
I think, or it's way more emotions.
Touch. And especially with women though.
But an unattractive woman who was a hard time finding a boyfriend, you know,
someone who loves her, someone who wants to be emotionally connected to her,
that probably is just as painful to a woman,
as a guy who can't find maybe more painful. Yeah.
Than a guy who can't find sex partners.
In psychology. They say that men express their, their,
these feelings through anger and women through depression and sadness. Right.
So you probably don't see women lashing out and killing a bunch of dudes.
You see them being depressed and feeling like. And when you do, they.
Have high testosterone. That's why I test women.
Another point to be made here is, is that like, you know,
people do say the thing, oh, well like people like Harvey Weinstein,
they wanted all this money to get laid. But I don't, I do not think that's it.
I think what people like Harvey Weinstein probably enjoy is power.
It's not like, oh, I want to get laid. I'm gonna become this mass. It's like,
I like to dominate. I'm a dominating force. That's what I am.
I'm going to, I enjoy like having people around me who worship me.
And as part of that, I'm going to dominate my interns.
I'm gonna dominate my employees. And when I'm around women,
I'm gonna to use my I'm gonna jerk off in house plants in front.
I mean, it's like, really the IUs. But you know, you gotta,
you gotta really think about that. It's like, I, I don't, I don't,
I know what you're saying.
How poor Harvey Weinstein when he was in front of the.
Up. That's not what he's saying. Well, I.
The thing of the, the he's not getting touched enough. Well, no, no.
No. But like, this is, there's a lot of frustration.
That's inherently connected to this suppressive sexual culture that we find
ourselves embroiled in that we don't necessarily agree with. Right.
I mean, why are pretty little boys? Why are, you know, because one,
that's the only access they have two, they're less likely to tell on them.
And three there's self. I just.
I recidivism.
I like to do a little thought experiment, which is, I like to imagine what,
where my head's gotta be.
If I jerk off into a house plant in front of somebody, if you,
if you've tried that, just, just think about it.
Like where would what's going on with you? Christmas tree.
Yeah. It might be like you just celebrating <laugh> okay.
It's like new year's Eve. Okay. How just.
He.
Doesn't have upstanding. And if you jerk off in the plant,
the plant's gonna absorb it and he's just leaving his DNA all.
Over the plant. It's probably good for the plant.
Toot. It is', it's terrible for plants. Not my jigs Weinstein.
Is my S is great for plants, bro. Plant.
Wonder where that plant is.
That plans alive. It's running for Senate alpha.
Come coming soon from on it. Dot com Joe,
come, you can probably sell your come. Right? I.
Don't want anybody having more time,
but don't you think that's all these things?
Uh it's I think it's certainly this sex is, it's not just a,
a power thing because he is not just exercising power.
He's exercising power in a sexual way. Yeah. It's not just power.
I think it's the game.
Like we were talking about like corporations and even police officers and guys
like Jeff sessions who have the game to arrest people.
That is the game they play. They get really good at it. That's what the game is.
The game with a guy like him is I can't believe I get to what's her name?
You know, name, famous actress. And that famous actress is on her stomach. Uh,
and your mouth her like, whoa, really? Is this really happening? And it,
why is it really happening? It's happening,
cuz you're gonna let her be cat one or whatever the the movie is, right? Yeah.
Yeah. There's, there's some nutiness to it. There's some craziness,
there's some forbidden thing to it. There's some, there's a bunch of,
a bunch of things in play. Power's one of the dynamics.
It's just the most foul one because all the other ones like the sexual
frustration and stuff doesn't seem so gross. It's like when you,
when you you're, you're imposing your will on someone, then it's unquestionably.
It's an expression of power. Like once you are raping, once you're coercing,
once you're imposing your will and you're saying, I'm gonna, you know,
take away your career. If you don't let me have sexual intercourse with you.
Well then it's a hundred percent power thing. Yeah. Like how did it get there?
There's a lot of things. And I think you've got.
To got a lot of and does power. I mean, I,
I guess I have an exercise sufficient power in my life to know the answer to
this question, but does,
does dominance feel good directly or is it,
is it something that comes to you indirectly? So in other words,
does it feel good to dominate someone else or
because then you can get something that you want from them.
I think it's something that you want from them. And I think there's,
there's also there's I think human beings are connected to each other in
an undeniable way. And I think that if you are exercising power over someone,
like say, if you hate to paint the scenario, but just say, if you rape someone,
you are sexually attracted to someone your low with you and you rape them.
And if you have any conscience at all, if you, you know, they're screaming, no,
and you're still having sex with them and you come and then after you have to
think about it, like you would be horrified at yourself, right?
Like the level of self hatred would be almost unimaginable that you've imposed
yourself. And you're your, your, your twisted sickness.
And in the heart of that moment, you know, the, the, the,
the power dynamic, trying to impose the power, it can't possibly feel good.
I think it's just a thing. I think it's just a,
almost like a creepy leftover reptilian instinct.